I HAVE TWO HOURS TO WHIP
THIS PLACE INTO SHAPE
BEFORE THE STUDENTS
ARRIVE!
THANK GOODNESS FOR
THE CAT-VAC TWO THOUSAND!
[MEOW]
DARN REALITY SHOWS!
THEY GET YOU HOOKED,
AND THE NEXT THING YA KNOW,
YOU HAVEN'T CLEANED
IN A WEEK! HUH?
THAT'S WEIRD. THERE USED
TO BE A DOLL IN THAT CASE.
MAN, THAT
TRIP WAS LAME.
IT'S GOOD TO BE
BACK.
I THINK I'M SEASICK.
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE
IF WE ACTUALLY DUELED.
HOME, SWEET HOME!
I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU, BUT I'M
PSYCHED TO BE BACK!
Syrus: WELL,
CONSIDERING
MY FAVORITE
PART OF THE TRIP
WAS BEING
KIDNAPPED AND TURNED
INTO A CAR,
I'M GONNA
HAVE TO AGREE
WITH YA, JAY!
TRY CARRYING
A NINETY-YEAR-OLD
MAN ON YOUR BACK!
Hassleberry:
OH, YEAH,
WELL, THAT BEATS
LUGGING 18 TONS OF
DINOSAUR FLESH!
[CALLS]
WHAT'S WRONG, KURIBOH?
[CALLING]
THERE'S A STRANGER
IN OUR DORM?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: WHAT
HAPPENED TO OUR DORM?
AND WHAT'S THAT SMELL?
Syrus: I THINK
ITS POTPOURRI.
WELL, WHAT
DO YA KNOW?
SOMEONE SPRUCED
THE PLACE UP!
Jaden: SO THIS IS
WHAT "CLEAN" LOOKS LIKE.
YA KNOW, I'M NOT
SO SURE I LIKE IT.
I MISS THE DIRT.
AND THE STENCH!
Girl: WELCOME HOME,
EVERYBODY!
[CHUCKLES]
AND YOU ARE?
CUTE!
HOWDY, MA'AM!
UGH.
YOU'RE ALL SO SWEET!
I'M ALICE.
A PLEASURE TO MEET YA!
SERGEANT HASSLEBERRY
REPORTIN' FOR DUTY!
THESE TWO HERE ARE
MY SUBORDINATES.
YEAH, IN
YOUR DREAMS!
ISN'T THAT CUTE?
HE'S IN LOVE.
HOW COOL! I NEVER
MET A REAL SERGEANT BEFORE!
[ALL CHUCKLING]
UGH.
SO IS THERE ANY
REASON WHY YOU'RE
SERVING US TEA?
Hassleberry: TEA'S GREAT!
WHO DOESN'T LOVE TEA?
NOT TO BE RUDE.
BUT WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HERE?
I'M A STUDENT. I,
UH, JUST TRANSFERRED IN.
Jaden: NO KIDDING.
YUP. I KNEW YOU
WERE BACK TODAY.
SO I FIGURED, WHY NOT
TRY AND MAKE A GOOD
FIRST IMPRESSION?
WELL, IT WORKED!
SO WELCOME TO DUEL
ACADEMY, ALICE!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
YOU TRANSFERRED?
THE ONLY WAY
INTO THIS SCHOOL
IS TO PASS--
Hassleberry:
QUIT BUGGIN' HER
WITH DETAILS!
THE IMPORTANT THING
IS SHE'S HERE!
AND MY LONELY DAYS
ARE OVER!
GLAD YOU COULD COME
OVER. WHAT'S UP?
YOU CALLED ME HERE.
YOU TELL ME.
WELL, A NEW STUDENT
SHOWED UP TODAY.
YOU MADE ME COME
ALL THE WAY OVER HERE
JUST FOR THAT?
THERE'S MORE.
YEAH, SHE COOKS.
SHE WHAT?!
YOU MEAN SHE MADE ALL
THIS JUST FOR YOU? WHY?
Jaden: I GUESS
SHE'S JUST NICE.
Syrus: YEAH, WELL,
SHE'S NICER TO SOME
THAN TO OTHERS!
OPEN WIDE.
WHAT DO
YA THINK?
YOU'RE MY SOUL MATE!
UGH.
I KNOW, RIGHT?
HE'S GOT IT BAD.
WISH I HAD
MET HER FIRST.
HMM?
NOTHING.
I SAID, LET'S EAT!
OOPSIE! SOMEONE'S
A LITTLE MESSY!
WILL YOU
MARRY ME?
SOMETHING
WRONG, BASTION?
NOT REALLY, BUT I
FEEL I'VE SEEN HER
SOMEWHERE BEFORE.
THAT LINE NEVER
WORKS, BASTION.
DON'T EVEN TRY.
COME ON, KURIBOH.
IT'S THE MIDDLE
OF THE NIGHT.
[KURIBOH SPEAKING]
WHO'S IN TROUBLE?!
HASSLEBERRY?
YOU OUT THERE, SARGE?
ARE YOU POSITIVE
YOU SAW HIM HERE?
[SPEAKING]
BASTION, ARE
YOU ALL RIGHT?
WAKE UP, MAN!
SAY SOMETHING!
COME ON, BASTION.
WHERE AM I?
SLEEPING
IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE WOODS.
WHAT I WANNA
KNOW IS WHY?
ME, TOO.
REMEMBER WHEN I TOLD
YOU I RECOGNIZED THAT
GIRL FROM SOMEWHERE?
I DID SOME RESEARCH,
BUT THE REST IS
ALL A BLUR.
AAH!
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU?
I DON'T KNOW.
GUESS I BLACKED OUT.
I HAVE NO IDEA
HOW I GOT HERE.
ISN'T IT PAST YOUR BEDTIME?
IT'S HER!
ALL RIGHT, YOU'VE
GOT SOME EXPLAINING
TO DO!
WHY ARE YOU
REALLY HERE?
TO DUEL YOU, OF COURSE!
YA KNOW, YOU COULD HAVE
JUST ASKED ME.
AAH!
HASSLEBERRY!
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M NO ONE. JUST ANOTHER
DISPOSABLE SOUL, LIKE YOU.
WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
Alice: YOU DUELISTS
ARE ALL THE SAME!
YOU UNLEASH DARKNESS
AND DESPAIR ON THE WORLD,
AND YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW IT!
SO I CAME HERE
TO CHANGE ALL THAT!
IT'S TIME TO SPREAD
A LITTLE DESPAIR
OF MY OWN!
ON YOUR FEET,
HASSLEBERRY!
HOLD ON!
IF IT'S A DUEL YOU
WANT, THEN THROW DOWN
WITH ME, NOT HIM!
WHATEVER. IT REALLY
DOESN'T MATTER WHAT ORDER
I DESTROY YOU IN!
WHEN I'M DONE,
YOU'LL ALL BE IN
A WORLD OF ANGUISH!
YA KNOW, I LIKED
YOU BETTER YESTERDAY.
AND LEAST
YOU WERE HAPPY.
I GOT TO SAY,
TODAY YOU'RE A DRAG.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU'RE SO WRONG.
I WAS NEVER HAPPY.
MY HAPPINESS
WAS AN ILLUSION,
JUST LIKE EVERYONE'S IS.
LIFE IS JUST
A PIT OF DESPAIR!
ISN'T SHE JUST
CUTE AS A BUTTON?
GAME ON!
I'LL START THINGS
OFF WITH THIS!
A GIRL AFTER MY OWN HEART--
ALICE THE WANDERING DOLL!
NEXT I PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
ON THE FIELD.
THEN I ACTIVATE
THE FIELD SPELL--
CURSED DOLLHOUSE!
STILL PLAY
WITH DOLLS, HUH?
YOU COULD SAY THAT.
AS FOR ME, I LIKE
ACTION HEROES,
LIKE THIS!
MY ELEMENTAL
HERO BURSTINATRIX!
NOW DISMANTLE HER DOLL!
PLAYTIME IS OVER!
[YELLS]
SORRY. I HAVE BAD NEWS.
MY WANDERING DOLL CAN'T
BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE.
SAY WHAT?
OH, AND WHEN SHE'S ATTACKED,
YOU LOSE 500 LIFE POINTS!
AND FOR HER FINAL TRICK,
SHE WANDERS OVER TO
YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD!
NOT BAD FOR
A DOLL, RIGHT?
AND THERE'S MORE!
WHENEVER CURSED
DOLLHOUSE IS IN PLAY,
I'M IN LUCK,
BECAUSE I CAN
SUMMON ANY MONSTER
WITH "DOLL PART"
IN IT'S NAME!
SO I CALL
DOLL PART BLUE
TO THE FIELD!
WHOA. NOW,
THAT'S FREAKY.
YA THINK THAT'S
BAD? WATCH THIS!
I SUMMON
DOLL PART GOLD!
NOW, ATTACK
HIS BURSTINATRIX!
BUT WHY? THAT THING HAS
ZERO ATTACK POINTS!
AND NEXT UP, I ACTIVATE
NECRO DOLL MEISTER!
WITH THIS CARD, I CAN SUMMON
TWO MORE DOLL PARTS
TO THE FIELD...
DOLL PART RED
AND MY DOLL PART PINK!
MY DOLLIES
ARE ALMOST READY
TO PLAY, JADEN!
NEXT I ACTIVATE
SOUL RESURRECTION,
WHICH LETS ME REVIVE
MY DOLL PART GOLD!
I DON'T GET IT!
WHAT GOOD ARE A BUNCH
OF OLD DOLL PARTS?
HA HA. YOU'LL SEE.
NOW, DOLL PART BLUE, ATTACK
ALICE THE WANDERING DOLL!
WHY DOES SHE
KEEP ATTACKING HIM?!
[SCREAMING]
AND NOW THE WANDERING DOLL'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES,
WHICH MEANS I LOSE
500 LIFE POINTS!
BUT I ALSO GET
MY DOLLY BACK.
THIS IS IT--
MY BIG MOMENT!
I PLAY MARIONETTE BURIAL!
SO I SACRIFICE
MY DOLL PART BLUE,
DOLL PART PINK,
DOLL PART GOLD,
AND DOLL PART RED
SO THAT I CAN SUMMON
THIS TO THE FIELD--
MY DOLL CHIMERA.
IT'S OFFICIAL.
DEFINITELY HAVING
NIGHTMARES TONIGHT.
OH, IT GETS WORSE,
'CAUSE FOR
EVERY DOLL PART
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
MY CHIMERA
GAINS 400 POINTS.
WHY DON'T YOU GO NOW?
WOW. YOU REALLY KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOIN' OUT
THERE, DON'T YA, ALICE?
HEE HEE! YUP!
THAT'S MY GIRL!
OH, BROTHER.
ALL RIGHT,
HERE WE GO!
I PLAY RALLIS
THE STAR BIRD!
HA HA. MY MONSTER HAS
TWICE AS MANY POINTS!
BUT NOT FOR LONG!
HUH?
CHECK IT OUT!
MY STAR BIRD'S
POWER INCREASES
BY 200 TIMES
THE LEVEL OF
YOUR MONSTER.
THAT MEANS
MY BIRD GETS
A THOUSAND POINTS!
AND NOW, IT'S ACTUALLY
STRONG ENOUGH
TO DO
SOME DAMAGE!
SO, RALLIS
THE STAR BIRD,
ATTACK HER
DOLL CHIMERA!
STAR-SHOWER ATTACK!
AFTER HE ATTACKS,
MY STAR BIRD
AUTOMATICALLY
DISAPPEARS FROM PLAY.
BUT I'LL BE SEEING
YOU AGAIN REAL SOON.
SO NO WORRIES.
I HAVE A FEELING
SHE JUST LED JADEN
RIGHT INTO A TRAP,
'CAUSE I BELIEVE
SHE ACTUALLY WANTED
HIM TO ATTACK HER!
HUH?
IT'S BACK!
[CHUCKLES]
DIDN'T YOU KNOW? MY DOLL
HAS A SPECIAL EFFECT.
YOU CAN'T DESTROY IT
NO MATTER WHAT!
ALL I HAVE TO DO IS SEND TWO
DOLL PARTS TO THE GRAVE!
THEN MY CHIMERA DOLL COMES
BACK, BUT WITH A TWIST!
CREEPY!
THANK YOU.
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL.
ALONG WITH ITS NEW PARTS,
IT GAINS 800 EXTRA POINTS!
SO NOW THERE'S
MORE OF IT TO LOVE!
I'LL PUT BURSTINATRIX
IN DEFENSE
AND END MY TURN.
SOUNDS LIKE A DESPERATE
MOVE TO ME.
I PLAY DOLL HAMMER!
AND I USE IT
TO DESTROY MY CHIMERA!
NEXT I CAN DRAW TWO CARDS.
AND THEN I GET
TO PICK A MONSTER
AND SWITCH ITS MODE!
SO I'LL PUT
YOUR BURSTINATRIX
IN ATTACK MODE.
ALL RIGHT.
TIME TO BRING
MY CHIMERA BACK.
AND THANKS TO ITS
TWO NEW DOLL PARTS, IT
GETS ANOTHER 800 POINTS!
AND NOW, CHIMERA, ATTACK!
I'LL PLACE THIS FACEDOWN
AND TAKE A BREAK.
TO START, I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO BUBBLEMAN!
AND WHENEVER HE SHOWS UP
AS LONG AS I HAVE
NO OTHER CARDS
ON THE FIELD,
I GET TO DRAW TWO MORE
CARDS FROM MY DECK!
NEXT I PLAY
POT OF GREED, WHICH LETS
ME DRAW TWO MORE CARDS!
THEN I ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION!
YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT MEANS!
IT'S FUSION TIME!
SO I'LL
MERGE SPARKMAN
AND CLAYMAN
IN ORDER TO CREATE
ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
AND THANKS
TO HIS SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN DESTROY
ANY MONSTER
WHOSE ORIGINAL ATTACK
POINTS ARE LESS THAN
MY THUNDER GIANT'S!
NOW YOU'RE BACK
IN THE GRAVEYARD
WHERE YOU BELONG,
YA BIG FREAK!
BIG DEAL!
DON'T YOU REMEMBER?
WHENEVER CHIMERA'S
DESTROYED, IT COMES BACK
WITH EVEN MORE POINTS!
I HAD A FEELING YOU
WERE GONNA DO THAT,
WHICH IS WHY
I'M PLAYING THIS!
IT'S A CARD
I LIKE TO CALL
METAMORPHOSIS!
AND IT LETS ME
SUMMON
A FUSION MONSTER
FROM MY HAND!
SO I SACRIFICE BUBBLEMAN
TO SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO
NEO BUBBLEMAN!
BUT WHY STOP THERE?
NEXT I'LL ADD
BUBBLE BLASTER!
AND NOW RALLIS
THE STAR BIRD RETURNS
TO THE FIELD!
ALL RIGHT, LET'S DO
THIS! BATTLE TIME!
NEO BUBBLEMAN,
ATTACK HER CHIMERA!
WHAT'S THE POINT?
ACTUALLY THERE ARE
TWO POINTS.
FIRST, THANKS TO
MY BUBBLE BLASTER,
MY MONSTER
AND MY LIFE POINTS
ARE SAFE.
AND AS FOR
MY BUBBLEMAN,
EVEN IF HIS TARGET
HAS MORE POINTS,
THE OPPOSING
MONSTER IS
DESTROYED!
WHEN WILL YOU LEARN?
MY CHIMERA DOLL
IS INVINCIBLE.
I SEND TWO MORE
DOLL PARTS
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
SO MY DOLLY COMES
BACK TO LIFE!
INVINCIBLE, HUH?
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
ALL RIGHT, THUNDER GIANT,
ATTACK HER CHIMERA!
MY DOLL HAS TWICE
THE POINTS! HAVE YOU
GIVEN UP ALREADY?
DO YOU FEEL
THE DESPAIR?
UH, NO.
AS A MATTER OF
FACT, I'M HAVING
A BLAST, ALICE!
YA KNOW, YOU
MIGHT WANNA TRY
IT SOME TIME.
CRAZY AS IT
SOUNDS,
I ACTUALLY
HAVE A GOOD TIME
WHEN I DUEL.
KNOW WHAT? THAT SMILE OF
YOURS IS REALLY ANNOYING.
IF YA THINK I'M
HAPPY NOW, JUST WAIT
TILL I FINISH MY MOVE!
I ACTIVATE
BATTLE BY 2!
SINCE YOUR MONSTER
HAS TWICE THE ATTACK
POINTS THAT MINE DOES,
ITS POWER DOUBLES!
GOOD SHOW!
THUNDER GIANT,
DO YOUR THING!
ATTACK WITH
VOLTIC THUNDER!
YOU'RE WASTING
YOUR TIME. ALL
I HAVE TO DO IS--
OH, NO!
I DON'T HAVE ANY MORE
DOLL PARTS IN MY DECK!
SO I CAN'T REBUILD
MY DOLL!
AW. WHAT A SHAME.
BUT IT'S TIME
TO MOVE ON!
SO GET READY,
STAR BIRD!
IT'S YOUR TURN NOW!
ATTACK HER
WANDERING DOLL!
AND NEXT, I ACTIVATE
A SPELL CARD--
SPY HERO!
HERE'S THE DEAL!
I TAKE TWO CARDS
FROM MY DECK,
AND I SEND THEM
TO THE GRAVEYARD
SO I CAN DO THIS--
SWIPE A SPELL CARD
FROM YOUR DECK
AND USE IT TILL
THE END OF MY TURN!
I ACTIVATE
YOUR DOLL HAMMER,
WHICH ONLY
MEANS ONE THING!
YOUR WANDERING DOLL
IS OUT OF HERE. SEE YA!
NEXT I DRAW TWO CARDS!
AND NOW DARKNESS
SPREADS IN THE FORM
OF RELEASED CURSE!
SINCE YOU DESTROYED
THE WANDERING DOLL,
THE FIELD IS HEXED!
NOW EVERY CARD IN
PLAY IS DESTROYED!
AND WE LOSE 300 POINTS
PER CARD!
NOT BAD!
YOU MADE A PRETTY
SWEET MOVE JUST NOW!
SO TRY TO SMILE!
AS FOR ME, I PLAY
FUSION RECOVERY!
SO I CAN BRING
POLYMERIZATION
AND SPARKMAN
BACK TO MY HAND!
THAT'S ALL FOR NOW.
[WOLF HOWLING]
UH, ALICE?
YOU OK?
I HAVE A SECRET
TO TELL YOU.
WELL, I'M NOT
EXACTLY WHAT I SEEM.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
TURN INTO A WOLF
OR A BAT, RIGHT?
OF COURSE NOT.
THE TRUTH IS I'M
A "DOLL SPIRIT."
A WHAT?
SO WAIT.
DOES THAT MEAN I'M
DUELING AGAINST A TOY?
SHE'S SUCH A DOLL!
INSIDE MY CASE, I WOULD
WATCH THE STUDENTS
DUEL ONE ANOTHER.
THERE WAS SO MUCH ANGER.
NOT AGAIN! THIS STINKS!
NO, YOU
STINK!
IT'S THIS DUMB CARD'S
FAULT THAT I LOST!
THE LAME THING'S WORTHLESS!
YEAH, BLAME IT ON THE CARD.
THAT'S REAL MATURE!
YEAH, YOU'LL SEE. ONCE
I TRASH THIS CARD,
I'LL START WINNING AGAIN!
THE MORE I WATCHED
THESE DUELISTS,
THE ANGRIER I BECAME.
ALL OF THAT NEGATIVE
ENERGY CAUSED A DARKNESS
TO ENTER MY SPIRIT.
EVERYWHERE I LOOKED, I
SAW PEOPLE WHO THOUGHT THEIR
CARDS WERE DISPOSABLE,
LIKE DOLL PARTS.
THAT'S WHEN I REALIZED
THE WORLD IS A CRUEL PLACE.
YOU GOT IT WRONG!
I MEAN, LOOK AT ME.
HUH?
I'M HAPPY.
AND I'D NEVER TRASH
ONE OF MY CARDS!
OH, YEAH. AND
SPEAKING OF CARDS,
IT'S YOUR MOVE!
RIGHT. ON WITH THE DUEL!
I DRAW!
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
MY DOOR TO MIRRORLAND
SPELL CARD!
SO WITH ALICE
THE WANDERING DOLL
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON ESHILA
THE LOVELY BISQUE DOLL
TO THE FIELD!
AND THERE'S MORE!
FOR EVERY FOUR
DOLL PART SETS
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
MY ESHILA GAINS
1,000 ATTACK POINTS!
AWESOME!
THERE YA GO!
ALL RIGHT, BISQUE DOLL,
ATTACK HIS
LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY!
HOLD ON!
I'VE GOT A SPELL--
FLUTE OF
SUMMONING KURIBOH!
SO COME ON OUT, PAL!
LET'S END THIS DUEL.
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
TRANSCENDENT WINGS!
SO I SEND KURIBOH
PLUS TWO CARDS
TO MY GRAVEYARD!
THIS LETS ME SUMMON
WINGED
KURIBOH LEVEL TEN!
THIS IS THE FINAL
MOVE, ALICE!
I SACRIFICE
THIS CARD TO CRUSH
YOUR DOLL!
AND THEN YOU'LL
TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO YOUR
DOLL'S ORIGINAL
ATTACK POINTS!
THANK YOU, JADEN.
YOU TAUGHT ME THAT
SOME DUELISTS ACTUALLY
RESPECT THEIR CARDS!
IN DOING SO, YOU'VE
SET MY SPIRIT FREE.
I'LL NEVER FORGET YOU!
SHMOOPEY?
[ECHOING]
GOOD-BYE.
WAIT! COME BACK!
HONEY BEAR,
WHAT ABOUT OUR FUTURE?
ALICE!
[MEOW]
I'M GLAD SHE'S BACK.
I WAS WORRIED.
WHAT I CAN'T
FIGURE OUT IS
WHY SOMEONE WOULD
STEAL HER
AND THEN JUST
LEAVE HER LYING
IN THE WOODS.
YEAH, I'LL SAY IT!
I FELL IN LOVE
WITH A DOLL SPIRIT!
I FELL IN LOVE WITH A DOLL...
[SOBBING]
BUT SHE WAS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL
DOLL I'VE EVER SEEN!
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR
GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪